prime minister Netanyahu in part is
playing to a domestic political audience
he has set aler up to be a figure of
hate Israelis are not being shown in
their own media a whole different world
of problems the level of censorship and
self-censorship inside the Israeli media
so this is red meat to his own base to
the domestic politics in a situation in
which the war is not going particularly
well for Israel he's looking for
distractions I think other things that
are going on here is of course that he
doesn't want these images and this
message to come out and how can he get
away with this it's the same as how come
this has created the worst hunger crisis
anywhere in the world according to the
UN Secretary General the number of
Palestinian civilian deaths un workers
Aid workers because he can get away with
it because the United States his major
backer and Defender continues to provide
the arms and the
weapons